Feat/build my personal website (#6)
tiagomichaelsousa/website: data/articles/building-my-personal-website/building-my-personal-website.mdx

import { Box, Paragraph } from '@components';

<Box css={{ bc: '$primary', btlr: '$4', btrr: '$4', py: '$16' }}>
  <Paragraph align="center">JAM</Paragraph>
</Box>;
```

There are a lot of reall**y** cool things that you can do with these features and I may write an article regarding this in the future 🙂

# Articles

The main porpuse of my website was t**o** start writting things and share with you what I've been learning, because yo**u** know... sharing is caring!
Also, I wanted to put the code base of my website public in [GitHub](https://github.com/tiagomichaelsousa/website) for two main reasons.
The **first one** is to allow everyone that want to have a look and, who knows, maybe take a couple of ideas from it, to feel free to do.
**Secondly**, a coleague of mine, which I appreciate a lot, loves quotting Linus Torvalds by saying "Talk is cheap. Show me the code." so there it is, some code 🚀
A huge shout out to him as well, [Luis Oliveira](https://twitter.com/_luisFilipePT).

Besides [twitter](https://twitter.com/tmichaelsousa), articles are a way that I can sha**r**e with you some content and I take a lot of pleasure while of writting things about something that I like.

> Thats the main reason why you are probably reading this one blog post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's the main reason why you are probably reading this blog post.
```
